>> Coming to GaiaSphere,
Sacred Geometry for Higher
Consciousness with
Robert J. Gilbert.
>> This is a journey
of empowerment.
We will explore together
the hidden patterns
which manifest everything
in physical existence.
>> This week on Gaia
on a new series,
The Hidden Side of Egypt.
>> Any culture with an
incredibly long life span
inevitably gathers a vast amount
of experience on the nature
of life and the universe.
>> On Stairway to the Stars.
>> This is such a
colossal building project.
It's on a scope that's
just unimaginable.
>> On Open Minds
with Regina Meredith.
>> 99.9% of the energy that
fuels everything in the universe
is life force.
>> Yes.
>> On Cosmic Disclosure.
>> In November 1971, an event
happened that threatened
a nuclear weapon.
>> On Beyond Belief
with George Noory.
>> If there are human-looking
ETFs out there, I mean,
did we even evolve
here on this planet?
Because a lot of contactees
are told, no, we did not.
>> On The Retreat.
>> Over the next few days,
Luke's yoga therapy starts
in earnest with tailored
one-on-one sessions
for their specific problems.
>> On Dragonfly
enLightening Talks.
>> Give the body what's missing,
eliminate from the body what it
doesn't need, then
the body heals itself.
>> On Journeys into the Soul.
>> I guess if everybody looked
at me from the outside world,
they would think that this
guy really has it all made.
Successful business owner,
beautiful family house,
second house on the lake.
But inside, I was
missing something.
>> Only on Gaia.